[JEP-211] - Add Reasoning about Java 10 and Java 12 support (#228)
jenkinsci/jep: jep/211/README.adoc

The main objective is to get Jenkins running with Java 11,
there will be follow-up tasks to cleanup Illegal Reflective Access warnings and to adopt new features.

> === Support of Java 10 and 12

Reviewer: Possibly could be even widened to say something like basically we support the specified version, and we do *NOT* on any other/new version that we didn't explicitly say we support (I'm thinking about this to somehow cover upcoming JDK 13, 14...)

Author: IMHO it's an overkill for this JEP.
I would rather cover it in a new JEP for non-LTS Java versions once we start setting up a process for it

Author: ```suggestion
=== Support of Java 10 and 12+
```

Originally this JEP was targeting support of Java 10 and Java 11 early access.
Java 10 is in the End of Life starting from 25.09.2018 when Java 11 was officially released.
To limit the scope, Java 10 support was excluded from this JEP.

> We will not be testing new patches with Java 10 and providing Docker packages with this version.

Reviewer 2: > will not be ... and providing Docker...

s/and/nor/

Reviewer: good catch, and first not should be _neither_ then

> We will neither be testing new patches with Java 10 nor providing Docker packages with this version.

Author: ```suggestion
We will neither be testing new patches with Java 10 nor providing Docker packages with this version.
```

> It may be possible to run Jenkins WAR files with Java 10 as it described link:https://jenkins.io/blog/2018/06/17/running-jenkins-with-java10-11/[here],

Reviewer 3: NIT: as it described -> as it is described?? I don't understand well enough

Author: ```suggestion
It may be possible to run Jenkins WAR files with Java 10 as it is described link:https://jenkins.io/blog/2018/06/17/running-jenkins-with-java10-11/[here],
```

but _Java 11 Support Team_ will not provide support for Java 10 issue reports
unless the issues are reproducible on Java 11.

> Java 12 is in the early access state at the time this JEP is accepted (Dec 12, 2018).

Author: ```suggestion
Java 12 is in the early access state at the time this JEP is accepted (Dec 12, 2018).
With accelerated pace of Java releases, Java 13 and newer versions are also expected soon. 
```

Although we are interested to invest into adopting new Java versions,
it is also out of the scope of this JEP.

> We will not be testing new patches with Java 12 and providing Docker packages with this version.

Reviewer 2: s/and/nor/

Author: ```suggestion
We will neither be testing new patches with Java 12+ nor providing Docker packages with these versions.
```

Issue reports from early adopters may be triaged,

> but Java 12 won't be officially supported as a part of this JEP.

Author: ```suggestion
but Java versions 12 and above won't be officially supported as a part of this JEP.
```
